Swordcraft Story PC Static Recomplilation Credits

Project Head and Main Vibecoder- Nicktendonick
It's kinda funny, I feel like I'm sorta working with a black box technology and it's honestly not as crazy as I thought it would be. I didn't think such a thing was possible until I tried and I'm amazed. I mean, I'm just a guy who knows a bit about programming, a chatGPT subscription and a dream.

Actual Programmer and GBARecomp and RecompUi Creator - MSTan
The guy who's programs I used to create this, thank you for making these tools.

Ai Credits - ChatGPT 5.6 Sol and then ChatGPT 6 Astra
(Claude Opus 4.8 was used like once, I don't remember it helped at all but it does deserve a mention)

Advice, Consultation, and Help. 
MSTan, Elliotttare, CobaltCryptid, Cellenseres
Thank you guys, without you this project would have never come to fruition. Thank you for your guidance and all your help pointing me in the right direction and helping me bumble through this.

Playtesting credits, Thank you for testing this project and game...
EX-e-LD

Special Thanks


To a certain someone...
I hope you enjoy your present, I hope you enjoy this game. I know you like this game and when it came to thinking about what I could give you, I hope this can do. Now you can replay one of your favorites in both widescreen and in english. ^_^
Happy Birthday!

Super Special Thanks to the Swordcoast Story 3 translation team!
I'm completely unaffilated with you all, hopefully this Project can Signal Boost all your work and break barriers that would keep people from playing this game. 
Without you, nobody would be playing this game. Thank you for tuning me in to this amazing trilogy of games!

And finally, I want to say Thank you, Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you for seeing me through all of this and thank you for making all things possible. Christ is King, and through the Lord we are all saved. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart. 

And to the person reading this...Thank you for reading these credits! 

PS. A final note to any developers or people who wish to modifiy this project.
If anyone does wish to take this and try to turn it into a full fledged PC port, you are welcome to ask me about it or fork this repo. Allowing more to see this game is what I hoped for, I'd love to see this get the full PC treatment. I only ask you do not edit this file and keep this file as is. Build upon it and make another credits section for you and your work.
